README for maps2image -- a xpilot maps to image converter.

WHAT IS IT?
This program will take a set of xpilot maps and builds a
single PBM image from them. Each image is labeled with the
map's name below it.

WHAT USE IS IT?
If you have a lot of xpilot maps, this is a simple way to
remind yourself of what the different maps are/look like.
Each image will show only the walls of a map. Normally this
is enough to remind you of what it really looks like when
you actually play the map.

HOW DO I COMPILE?
Simple. If you have gcc, you don't need to change anything.
If you do not have gcc, you need to change the Makefile to
reflect the ANSI compiler. Follow the ``detailed''
instructions in the Makefile to do this. :-)
And now, the big moment has arrived! Type:

	make

If everything goes well, you should now have the executable
maps2image.
(Note: gcc gives a warning about some unreachable code. This
warning is bogus and should thusly be ignored!)

If, for some reason, you do not like the font that is used,
you can change the FONT= line in the Makefile. This should
point to a BDF format fontfile. Included is the 8 point
Helvetica font from the 75dpi directory of the X11R5
distribution. You can substitute any BDF font here. However,
if you use a large font, the map name will not be completely
displayed.

HOW DO I USE IT?
The list of maps you want converted to an image are given on
the command line and the PBM image is written to stdout.
Here is a typical use of the program:

	maps2image /usr/local/lib/xpilot/maps/*.map | xv -

The program has a couple of optional switches:

	-s image_size	specifies the size of each of the individual
			map images.  The default is 64.

	-x ncols	specifies the number of columns of map images
			to use.  If this switch is not specified, it will
			try to make the image as square as possible.
	-i		invert the images.  By default areas you can fly
			in are white, with this option it is more like
			what it looks like when playing.
	-v		Turn on verbose mode.  This will output progress
			messages to stderr.  Useful only when bored.
	-b		Instead of a pbm image, create an X11 bitmap
	-l		Do not add a label to each image

The list of files should be xpilot map files.  They may be compressed
with gzip or compress.  (Standard extension looked for are .gz and .Z)

PBM???  WHAT'S THAT?
The PBM image is format is a simple Portable BitMap format.
Most X based image viewers can deal with PBM files, but you
can always get the latest pbmplus image conversion package
to convert this image to whatever format you want.

SO, NOW WHAT?
Now it is your job to write an X program which will display
this image and then allow you to select a map you want to
start a server with... What? Are you still reading this
instead of writing this xpilots starter????

COMPLAINTS?
You can complain to Andrew@SDSU.Edu (Ender) if you want.
However all whines will be ignored. If you don't like the
program, don't use it; I assume you were doing ok without it
before you got it... If you find bugs or have other
suggestions, let me know. I have only compiled this on a Sun
using both gcc 2.5.8 and Sun's acc. (We run SunOS 4.1.3_U1)

